lib: sms: Add support for Service Center Address (#15993)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/sms/README.rst

When the sample starts, it sends an SMS if a recipient phone number is set in the configuration.
The sample then receives all the SMS messages and displays the information about the messages including the text that is sent.

> Custom SMS service center number can be set through configuration if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a custom SMS service center number, you can set it through the configuration.
```
